Update splunk-add-on.md (#1629)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/articles/splunk-add-on.md

| Name                          | Name of the alert.                                                                                                      |
| Time Occurred (epoch)         | Time when the alert was triggered.                                                                                      |
| Send Alert to all the Servers | If enabled, the alert will be pushed to all configured Cortex XSOAR servers configured.                                 |

> | XSOAR Server                  | Cortex XSOAR server to which the incident will be pushed (needed only if *Send Alert to all the Servers* is unchecked). <br> Note: For Cortex XSOAR 8, the XSOAR Server URL must be appended with ext-. |

Author: ```suggestion
| XSOAR Server                  | Cortex XSOAR server to which the incident will be pushed (needed only if *Send Alert to all the Servers* is unchecked). <br> Note: For Cortex XSOAR 8, the XSOAR Server URL must be prefixed with api-. |
```
